c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll.config
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Salon3.pdb
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.dll
c:\users\selim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salon3\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.pdb
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll.config
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Salon3.pdb
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Owin.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\Salon3\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Salon3\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.dll
E:\Salon3\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-1\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.resx
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.resx
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.Designer.cs
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.Designer.cs
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\bin\en\Salon3.resources.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.resources
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.en.resources
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama7\Salon3\obj\Debug\en\Salon3.resources.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.resx
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.resx
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.Designer.cs
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.Designer.cs
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll.config
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Salon3.pdb
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\en\Salon3.resources.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Owin.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.resources
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.en.resources
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\obj\Debug\en\Salon3.resources.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.dll
E:\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.resx
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.resx
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.Designer.cs
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.Designer.cs
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\en\Salon3.resources.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.resources
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.en.resources
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\obj\Debug\en\Salon3.resources.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama8\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.resx
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.resx
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.Designer.cs
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.Designer.cs
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\en\Salon3.resources.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.resources
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.en.resources
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\obj\Debug\en\Salon3.resources.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama9\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.resx
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.resx
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.Designer.cs
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.Designer.cs
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\en\Salon3.resources.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.resources
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.en.resources
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\obj\Debug\en\Salon3.resources.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.resx
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.resx
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.Designer.cs
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.Designer.cs
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\en\Salon3.resources.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.resources
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.en.resources
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\obj\Debug\en\Salon3.resources.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama11 rol yönetimi\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.resx
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.resx
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.Designer.cs
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.Designer.cs
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\en\Salon3.resources.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.resources
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.en.resources
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\en\Salon3.resources.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.resx
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.resx
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.Designer.cs
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.Designer.cs
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\en\Salon3.resources.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.resources
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.en.resources
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\en\Salon3.resources.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.resx
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.resx
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.en.Designer.cs
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Resources\Home.Designer.cs
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll.config
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Salon3.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\en\Salon3.resources.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.resources
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.Resources.Home.en.resources
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\en\Salon3.resources.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.dll
C:\Users\fırat\Desktop\FIRAT\1 BENİM ÇALIŞMALARIM\Web Proje\Salon3-aşama12 son düzenlemeler\Salon3\obj\Debug\Salon3.pdb
